>> Kent C. Dodds: Let's go ahead and
implement this really quick, we'll swap
the exercise final for the exercise,
get a bunch of error messages and stuff.
You'd be surprise how hard it was for
me to validate that you're
doing things properly.
You can check out the test later but yeah,
all of our work pretty much is gonna
live within this width toggle component.
The funny thing about this function is
it's called the higher order component but
it's neither a component nor
is it higher order.
It's a function that returns a component,
so yeah.
But that's what it is called.
And so that's what we're gonna do here.
So we're gonna create a component and,
for us,
we don't need any lifecycle hooks, so
we'll just do a function component
called wrapper.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And
the wrapper component is
going to use our render prop.
And now that we're using the provider
pattern, we just wanna access the toggle
component that we're accessing or
that we're inside the context of.
And so
we're going to return Toggle.Consumer.
And then this is going to
accept our Toggletils or
whatever you wanna call it, and it will
render the component that it's given.
So higher order components can
be given any kind of argument.
Often it's gonna be given a component but
you could pass an object
that configures a component.
You could pass anything and
any number of arguments.
There's nothing special about a higher
order component passing
just a component to render.
So in our case,
our wrapper is gonna accept props.
When we come back here to Subtitle,
Subtitle is actually the wrapper
that we're gonna return.
And so when Subtitle is rendered,
it’s gonna be rendered with some props.
And so we’ll just forward that
onto the underlying component.
So part of the objective of a higher
order component is to make it so
that consumers of our components
that are created with this can
not tell that it is in fact
a higher order component.
It should behave as close to possible
as the component that it's wrapping.
So that's why we're
forwarding all the props on.
We're also going to forward on
a prop called toggle, toggleUtils.
And so in our case,
this stuff props.toggle.on and
it'll be able to tell cuz
we're passing onto toggle.
With React history,
that's gonna be react router that
will be this.props.match and history.
And then React Redux this.batch and
that kinda thing.
So very similar type of thing and
so let see, yeah we are also
gonna want o return the wrapper and
will say that and see what are testing.
So here we wanna make sure we
use a react forward graph and
passing the graph property
to a random component.
So, yeah,
this one's kind of tricky and
it's only sometimes the real problem.
But, here where we're rendering
this subtitle component.
If we wanted to get a reference to the
essence of that component, we would say,
here's my ref.
Instance this.i = i.
Whatever.
To assign it and
then we can call methods on it.
Whatever else.
And so part of the whole idea of
the higher order components is to make
the fact that it is a higher
order component unobservable.
And unfortunately with the way
that React works, this.
Instants that its' gonna
be passed into ref
is actually going to be
an instance of our wrapper.
Which is, in this case, that also doesn't
work because it's a function of mine.
So if this was a redux class, in any case,
it's not going to be giving
us the thing that we want.
And so React recently released
a nice new feature called,
here let's assign this
Wrapper to React.CreateRef.
It's pretty handy.
What you give React.CreateRef
is a function.
I will change this to an arrow function.
That accepts props and a ref here.
And then we'll say ref equals ref.
And so it'll forward all the refs so
the fact that this is a higher order
component wrapper is totally unobservable.
You can use the ref as you would expect.
And that was like a really,
really serious restoration
before create ralph was around.
Because normally what you'd
do is you'd say accepted
props dot enter ralph and
people would have to use the nrf profs and
it's like super annoying so
yeah, that's no longer an issue.
Great, so we'll save that.
And I think I messed up this.
Let me get rid of that ref.
Okay, no I didn't mess it up.
There we go.
Let's just move on.
I'm pretty sure that's gonna be something
else Okay, so we created our wrapper.
We created the forward ref.
Now in React Dev Tools,
if we pop this open and
go to React, if you don't have this
installed, definitely get this installed.
It's gonna show us the components
by their display name.
and in our case if we look at,
here we'll look at the, man.
Well it's busted so
we can't even look at it at the moment.
But the display name that it's
showing to us like app right here and
browser router and all that stuff,
that's coming from a display name property
that's on each one of these components.
And so right now the display name property
for this is actually undefined so
we'll say unknown.
So what we can do is just
say Wrapper.displayName and
give it something that's useful.
So we'll say withToggle.
It's pretty common to say like
whatever the higher component is And
then whatever it’s wrapping.
So we’ll say component.display name or
component.name.
So display name is coming from react
if you’re using vowel it will actually
create that for you dynamically
on the fly which is pretty cool.
If you’re not or if it doesn’t work or
something, then name is just
a regular JAVA script thing.
That’s the name of the function.
And so that kind of helps with that.
I think I like busted something,
because it should be.
Ha, I'm using the wrong API.
Create or forward ref.
Nobody caught me.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Kent C. Dodds: Just kidding,
it's late so.
Or it's been long.
Okay so
now we need to do this silly thing.
So this is like this whole
all these weird handles.
This is why people who implement higher
order components don't like them.
Because it's like all these things you
have to do to make it so that You can
pretend that this component wrapper is
actually the component that it's wrapping.
So, here's subtitle, and like I said
this is a little bit contrived, but
this subtitle is actually this class.
We have a display name.
We have these static properties.
Display name is a react static property.
That's fine,
we're going to be rendering it anyway.
But this emoji and this text
are gonna be referencing subtitle, so
subtitle.emoji and subtitle.text.
It's totally reasonable to
expect to be able to do that.
I'm just saying, hey,
make me a component that's like this one.
So the problem is that it's not like this
one because it doesn't have all the same
static properties.
So, well this component does
have the emoji and a text.
The wrapper does not and so we need to
whist those properties on to the wrapper.
Likely for us this is such an annoying
problem that somebody wrote a module for
STUs, so
we don't have to do this ourselves.
It's called HoistNonreactStatics and
we use them like this.
Hoist them onto the wrapper
from the component.
An that gets our test passing.
So there are like four other
steps before forwardRef and
stuff came along but
it's kind of annoying to implement these.
That said, it does provide often a simpler
alternative to render props in some cases.
So I do recommend having it.
I wouldn't create it before
somebody asks for it, but
I don't have a problem creating and
exposing these in a library.
It's pretty small,
it's not hard to maintain.
Yeah?
>> Speaker 3: Could you just quick go over
what hoist nonreact statics
is doing again, sorry.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Sure, yeah, sure.
So hoist nonreact statics, down here
this subtitle is actually this wrapper.
So we're creating this wrapper function.
And the subtitle does not have the static
properties that this react class has.
So, we're defining static emoji and
static text.
But, if you just were
to look at this code,
with the whole idea of higher order
components in general, you might expect
that I could use sub title just like I
would be able to use this component.
So that's why we say sub tittle emoji,
sub title text.
We should be able to,
especially if we're exporting this like
often in Redact you'll do export, default,
connect my or like your you
know whatever your maps state to props and
all that stuff and then my component.
And so you want whoever importing
this component, you want them to be
able to treat that exported component
just like they would the MyComponent.
And so that's where we're, I'm kinda
simulating that here in this contrived
example, But yeah,
in general that's the purpose,
is just to help make the fact that
this is a high order component or
a wraps component,
totally unobservable for users